Add DynamicBone with Supported Version Info (#126)
vrchat-community/creator-docs: Docs/docs/worlds/supported-assets.md

"Post-processing is the process of applying full-screen filters and effects to a camera’s image buffer before it is displayed to screen. It can drastically improve the visuals of your product with little setup time."

## [Final IK](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/animation/final-ik-14290)
"The final Inverse Kinematics solution for the game developer."

> ## [Dynamic Bone](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/animation/dynamic-bone-16743)
> "Dynamic Bone applies physics to objects. With simple setup, your object will move realistically."
> 
> *Works up to v1.3.0, currently supplied version on asset store may not works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Dynamic Bone](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/animation/dynamic-bone-16743)
"Dynamic Bone applies physics to a character's bones or joints. With a simple setup, your character's hair, cloth, breasts, or any part will move realistically."

*Works up to v1.3.0. The currently supplied version on the asset store may not work.
```
